H7N9病例时空分析 Analyzing H7N9 patients 
数据来源：各省市卫计委与各大门户网站  Data Source:Departments of health and family planning commission of all provinces and web portals in China
中国科学院计算机网络信息中心 科学数据中心,北龙泽达(北京)数据科技有限公司
Scientific Data Center, Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences.
ZeData(Beijing) LTD.
数据可视化组 Data Visualization Group
当前时间 Current Time
显示或隐藏疫情的个体分布情况 Show or hide individual distribution of epidemic situation
个体分布 Individual Distribution
显示或隐藏疫情的群体分布情况 Show or hide group distribution of epidemic situation
群体分布 Group Distribution
男性Male女性Female
显示平行坐标选择器 Show parallel coordinate selector
平行坐标 Parallel Coordinate Selctor
显示时间轴选择器 Show time selector
时间轴 Time Selector
选中时间轴的范围，点击播放该时间段动画 Select the range from the time selector, press to play the animation of the period
按时间播放动画 Play Animation by Time		
如何使用 How to Use
使用说明 How to Use
概述:本系统通过可视化的手段，将H7N9的发病情况进行可视化。
Summary: This application show the morbidity of H7N9 using visualization techniques.
功能介绍:Fuctions:
1.点击"个体分布"与"群体分布"，显示发病人群在地图上的个体或群体分布情况。
1.Press "Individual Distribution" and "Group Distribution" to show the individual or group distribution on the map
2.个体分布情况中，圆点表示发病个体，圆点颜色代表性别，在地图上点击圆点，显示该个体详细信息。
2.In individual distribution view, circle point means the individual patient, the color of it means gendar. Press the circle point on the map, then detail information of the patient is shown.
3.群体分布情况中，通过热力图的形式进行展现，颜色越深，表明发病人数越多。
3.In group distribution view, we use heatmap to show the situation. The darker the map is ,the more patients are.
4."平行坐标"与"时间轴"是两个过滤组件，点击选择某个过滤组件，在该组件上进行数据过滤，过滤结果显示在地图上。
4."Parallel Coordinate"and "Time" are two filter components. If you press each of the component, data is filtered by the component,then the result shows on the map.
5.平行坐标与时间轴均可以通过在轴上的直接拖拽实现数据过滤。
5.Both "Paralle Coordinate"and "Time" can filter data directly.
6.在使用时间轴时，点击"按时间播放动画"，可以按时间从早到晚播放H7N9发病情况。
6.When you use "Time" to filter, press "Play Animation by Time",the map will display from time to time.
浏览器支持：Chrome,Firefox,Internet Explorer 9+
Browsers support: